a very large pectorals an abdomen
well defined arms well
bulky is what many people are looking for
for my point of view a good shoulders
big
the dorsal well - built
trapezoid communes that is very difficult to you
makes it look much more imposing more
big in this video I'm going to teach you
how to build the arms really big
and a well constructed triceps
so that you can simply
adapt them to your training plan
first I want to tell you that I do not
he makes the mistake that many commit in the
gym even I have done it is because
what I do this video for simply
emphasize some new knowledge
that you must apply them already the first
mistake that many commit is to kill themselves
doing many variations of kurt
Pulley use extensions
too many variations because if they want
that they build a lot more prices
big
this works well for people who
be advanced and simply look for
adapt isolation exercise your
routine but for those who are starting
in this the beginners really do not
It is very productive and very useful to adapt
hundreds and hundreds of kurt exercises
from biceps of trichet to your routine
first let's talk about the queer
extensions is something with this movement
of kurt biceps and extensions ok
then first in the
beginners are needed to
build dough in your arms triceps
perform compound exercises do not put
on your exercise list just from
isolation hundred of kurt currency of
triceps that many do in circuit
super series first concentrate
build your big figure and then already
the details second look very
important that many commit is about
training your arms remember that
every day when you do any
deadweight squat exercise
dominated you are using your arms you
you can not train your biceps and triceps
five days a week remember that the
muscles need to rest to grow
third very important aspect boys
is to forget to train other parts very
important as the legs leave a
side the shoulders and pinned the back and
dedicated to training only say glass
I have met many people who do
this and then his appearance will show off a
little funny
and then it 's going to cost a lot a lot
improve the parts the proportions their
body how to improve legs and
shoulders then before it's
too late to enter everything with
simply harmony ok fourth aspect
very important at least is not to consume
enough calories to grow if you
you want biceps of 40 centimeters 20
588 that you should consume more calories from
the ones you burn and talked about this topic in
my previous one is videos the same way then
on the website and for tv point to
see articles about gaining mass
muscle many wonder daily
how can you have such big arms
so I stayed with the shirt tight
you can kill yourself from gymnastics
hundreds and series hundreds of exercises
of vision and triceps in a workout
but remember if you do not come back anymore
strong if you do not talk about loading
progressive if you do not eat more they are not going to
get anywhere by more than you
kill one hundred two hundred different
preacher of kurt of vices of a
recipe as in hammer horn you do not go
to get anywhere if you do not eat more and
what you owe in conclusion guys
eat more you already know a caloric plus eat
more calories than you want according to
a very important aspect is rest
also third very important aspect is
make you stronger then exercises
compound squats dead weight the
Rowing with bar for back press of
shoulders bench press in order if you what
you do stronger in those exercises
obviously you will have some arms a lot
Biggest 7 very important expert me
I know many of you do not and
he sees it strange to the person who does is
record your progress bring your
records take photos take numbers
how much are you raising
When you are making progress, prioritize
compound exercises more than courses
as I told you, implementing more
compound exercises has registered your
progress in the deadlift squat
to grow your biceps much faster
that doing curse every day for heaps
of series stronger more food more
arm and something that you will be asking
this is how you can add
all this is telling me I want to
my training plan let me tell you
what exercises are the best and you such
you are doing it
for dominated dominated bises
inverse oars with rowing bars with
dumbbells attacks in the vice of a
amazing way for the triceps
When you cough press bench press
shoulders backgrounds
artigas you are working your triceps
also especially when you press
military justices work in a way
surprising then now you know
and many people ask me, do not you train
Forearm, since I did not train
Arm in isolated form the dead weight
as I told you in the videos of
squat bench press tutorials
while you stronger pressures the
bar forearms positions go to work
much stronger then when doing weight
dead avoid for example use if it is
necessary as the straps or any
help to make your home a lot
stronger if you have a place much
stronger the forearms will be much
stronger therefore another reason why
which I want to clarify that your biceps and
triceps grow at 60 dissipate his death
is that when you press the bar as
I told you totally your arms are
working indirectly as well as others
parts of the body
finally train your arms is nothing
complicated many believe that the more
exercises do much faster you go to
grow in the next video I want to
share some myths about what
people believe that hitting training
to your videos from different angles
different base positions to be
much faster then that's a lie
in the next video so many
people believe they can change the
figure to the shape of your views of that
can not be changed can not be changed
outline the way your biceps
that genetically then those are
aspects I will clarify in the next
video for them to make videos very
long and you can see them the best
way are basically many I hope that
have you liked these little tips
who told them remember to see my other
videos to make it much clearer
I entered the unstoppable point
tv to the articles section you have to
gain muscle lose fat turn on
all for your knowledge of the best
it's me and for me, leave me your
comment likewise give us like
on facebook subscribe to my channel
youtube for new weekly videos
take care guys an excellent week
excellent monday full of productivity and
we are watching the next video
[Music]